Now, let's go ahead and talk about templates.
This was coming in effect when we're creating that PointCloud from "Scan."
So basically, we're saying that earlier there's many different kinds of PointClouds.
In our case, we are using the PCL PointXYZ.
So in this template,
it's being held in these arrow brackets right here.
It's like an argument saying.
"Okay, we're working with a PCL PointCloud,
and it's of type PCL PointXYZ."
In the future, you could have one that is PointXYZI or PointXYZ RGB.
But that's what the template is
and it's great because it's going to allow us to do reusable code.
So in our case,
we're using this PointXYZ.
Later, we'll be looking at PointXYZI.
One thing that take notice of,
is let's look at how those templates being defined back in this point process Clouds.cpp.
So if we look at this this file,
we can see a lot of places where we have template.
So template is being set up with this type name PointT.
Basically, what that is saying is that PointT is variable
and it can hold the place of any of these different kinds of PointClouds.
So let's look at an example function like,
let's look at FilterCloud for instance.
If we check that out and we have that template being setup right above it.
Let's see where that PointT is being used.
So here's that PointT being used right here in places as PCL PointCloud.
So now, you can work with different types of PointClouds.
But we'll notice that we have this type name here.
This quiz will motivate or help us understand why we're using this type name.
We're actually using this pointer type here for this cloud.
What does that exactly mean.
Well, let's look up the definition for this.
So if we go back to the classroom and we will look at
templates in different PointCloud data.
We have some definitions here for template.
Also, we have this documentation now help with this quiz below.
What is a PCL PointCloud PointT pointer?
Well, it's a typedef boost shared pointer.
So this quiz then is asking.
What do you think a PCL PointCloud PointT pointer is?
Is it a value or a type and that documentation will help you answer this.
It's a typedef boost shared pointer.
So what do you think it is?
It's a little bit of a tricky question but then we'll
talk about it and why it's important in our case,
and how does it relate back to type name in process PointCloud.